feat(styles): added icon support for older browsers (#7909)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/major-dingos-train.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': minor
---

> Added icon support for older browsers (Chrome/Edge < 120, Safari < 15.4, and older chromium-based browsers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

Added support for icons that are set using `mask-image` for older browsers (Chrome/Edge < 120, Safari < 15.4, and older chromium-based browsers).
```
